#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
executing==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
fonttools==4.49.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
h5py==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.22.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
keras==3.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
ml-dtypes==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
namex==0.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
notebook==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
overrides==7.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandas==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pywin32==306
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qtconsole
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.4.1.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240106
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
wheel==0.41.2
    # via -r requirements.in
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
